Add AGENTS.md with CLAUDE.md symlink (#14794)
pyca/cryptography: AGENTS.md

# cryptography

Hybrid Python + Rust project. The Python package lives in `src/cryptography/`; the Rust extension (PyO3) lives in `src/rust/`. CFFI bindings to OpenSSL/BoringSSL/AWS-LC are generated from `src/_cffi_src/`. Test vectors live in `vectors/` (an installable sub-package).

## Running tests

> Use `nox -e local` to run the full local check: it formats and lints Python (`ruff`) and Rust (`cargo fmt`/`check`/`clippy`), type-checks with `mypy`, then runs the pytest suite and `cargo test`. This is the canonical command — prefer it over invoking `pytest` or `cargo test` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `nox -e local` to run the full local check: it formats and lints Python (`ruff`) and Rust (`cargo fmt`/`check`/`clippy`), type-checks with `mypy`, then runs the pytest suite and `cargo test`. This is the canonical command — never invoke `pytest` or `cargo test` directly.
```
